fix internal cases of actions calling unqualified module names (#70818)
ansible/ansible: docs/docsite/rst/porting_guides/porting_guide_2.10.rst

* Cache plugins in collections can be used to cache data from inventory plugins. Previously, cache plugins in collections could only be used for fact caching.
* Some undocumented arguments from ``FILE_COMMON_ARGUMENTS`` have been removed; plugins using these, in particular action plugins, need to be adjusted. The undocumented arguments which were removed are ``src``, ``follow``, ``force``, ``content``, ``backup``, ``remote_src``, ``regexp``, ``delimiter``, and ``directory_mode``.

> Action module calls should use FQ names

Reviewer: ```suggestion
Action plugins which execute modules should use fully-qualified module names
```

> Action module calls should use FQ names

Reviewer 2: I'm guessing the title is just misleading for me, but it sounds like you are referring to `actions` as `modules`, but I'm guessing this is meant to be "Action plugins should call modules or other actions using FQ names"

That applies to the body as well.

Author: Good point- Rick wordsmithed a clearer suggestion that I've added

---------------------------------------

> * Actions that call modules should pass explicit fully-qualified module names to ``_execute_module`` whenever possible (eg, ``ansible.builtin.file`` vs just ``file``). This ensures that the task's collection search order is not consulted to resolve the module, which can result in running an unintended module if a higher-precedence collection defines a module of that name.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
* Action plugins that call modules should pass explicit, fully-qualified module names to ``_execute_module()`` whenever possible (eg, ``ansible.builtin.file`` rather than ``file``). This ensures that the task's collection search order is not consulted to resolve the module. Otherwise, a module from a collection earlier in the search path could be used when not intended.
```
